hey there welcome back to no recipe
required hope you're doing well tonight
I'm going to make some homemade pizza
for you this is going to be a classic
margherita pizza it's really delicious
pretty easy to do you've got your you
know we've got our standard sauce the
sauce that I normally make we'll roll
out some pizza dough or stretch out some
pizza dough and really just do a basic
tomato mozzarella and basil basil crust
I actually call it the Christmas because
it's got a nice little red white and
green coloring to it let's uh let's go
ahead get started for our margarita
pizza one of the few decisions you got
to make is how thin or thick you want to
cut your tomato or slice your tomato i
am i actually prefer to go a pretty thin
slice but if you really like kind of
chunkier pieces of tomato by all mine by
all means go a little thicker i'm going
to go and you know probably do a I don't
know an eighth of an inch or a sixteenth
of an inch slice that are pretty thin
and just lay them down i'm using a roma
tomato which in winter i think is
generally you know kind of the best out
there but use obviously whatever's
available whatever's fresh and whatever
you like so let's go ahead and make our
margarita pizza I've got a pasta dough
that I just rolled out or kind of pulled
apart pulled apart is not the right word
I pulled in kind of stretched it out got
a got a nice flat dough here you can you
can find how I do it out on the website
and then I've also got my basic or
classic tomato sauce or pizza sauce that
i use for just about all my pizzas and
i'm going to go ahead and lay that down
in a you know a nice coating i like you
know probably a frankly i probably like
a medium amount of sauce people people
have said a little bit less a little bit
more I kind of like it a little bit
right in the middle use the back of the
soon spoon there yeah you spoon it out
with the front then just kind of use the
back spread it out it certainly does not
have to be perfectly even all around if
you got little spots like that it's
really not a big deal and then I like to
use our leave about
half an inch all the way around the
pizza you don't want to you don't want
to get any big massive puddles in there
if you've got you know half an inch of
of sauce sitting over here definitely
you want to smooth that out so margarita
pizza I've got some mozzarella cheese
this is actually burrata cheese which is
a kind of a version of mozzarella I'm
going to go ahead and lay this down a
few pieces kind of interspersed
throughout the throughout the slice or
throughout the pizza and these are you
know these are probably quarter inch
half an inch slices then I'm going to
spread out maybe we fit one more in
there how about this guy right there and
maybe one more one more right in the
middle there and then sauce a little bit
that mozzarella and then you can lay
some some basil down now the basil I
like to I like to press down a little
bit to make sure that it stays down
stays down as it cooks if it stays down
it it's less likely to burn in the oven
which which I don't really like burnt
basil so go ahead and you just kind of
push it a little bit get it into the
right places you know obviously tear up
the leaves if you need to that looks
good let's go ahead and pop this in the
oven so in the interest of full
disclosure I put my margarita pizza
together without putting any fresh
tomatoes on it which is not what I want
to do I had actually already put it in
the oven when I realized it I spotted
the tomatoes not a big deal you just
grab it onto the oven and let your
tomatoes down there nobody's going to
know that they went on late let me just
pop that right back in the oven and we
should be good to go in a few minutes so
here's my pizza margherita just pulled
out of the oven I actually kept it on
the pizza stone that say that's
something I normally do and let it
actually cool down on this
I find that keeps the the crust nice and
crispy and you know this one I'm if you
can tell on camera but you do like that
the top kind of jiggles a little bit
totally fine totally normal just means
it needs to rest calm down solidify a
little bit but I've got a perfect little
pizza here hope you make it and i'll see
you next time on no recipe required